So far,
we haven't created any other test so we really don't have a test suite yet.
Before we do that,
I want to go ahead and clean up this verify at the
bottom to not be bbbeta anymore,
and I want to get rid of this verify text that was failing.
So if we run this now, everything should come back green.
Then we're going to go through when this finishes and create another test.
So everything looks good there. And depending on which menu you're
selected, right now I'm in the Executing selection.
I want to go to my tests and select the plus icon to add a new test.
I'm going to call this one Downloads and click Add. Now before I proceed,
I want to point out something here, and that is this base URL at
the top of my test is for that test suite.
So if you try to do a test that goes on another site from a different
base URL, it's going to break your other tests.
That's a mistake I have made before, and I want to
call out for you to not change that.
So if you need to go to another base URL, you need
to have a different test suite.
So all of these tests are going to run against selenium.dev. From
here, with my Downloads test inside of our test suite,
I can click record, and it's going to fire up a new browser window for us
because it's a different test. And I can click the downloads, and I'm
going to verify that the grid is on this page.
So I'll say Selenium, Verify, Text, and we've got a verify text
for that CSS element for Selenium Grid. I can switch back over to
the Selenium IDE, stop recording.
And if I want to run just this current test, it opens up the browser,
navigates, switches to the Downloads page, and that works.
Or I can run the entire test suite,
which is I'll test the play button on the left, and that'll go
through and do the downloads that we just created, as well as the
news for an entire test harness across that entire base URL. And
everything's executing correctly for us.
Again, we can speed up that so it will finish both of those tests faster.
But you can see that we have a testing suite being built for our base URL of selenium.dev.